carry on some Queen ec4 buzz started off
as a fun concept in 90s she created a
little place for people to have a moment
of luxury what better way to start a
travel then was a glass of champagne a
bit of caviar some balling salmon maybe
some oysters and it grew into become a
very successful business model and today
we have over 800,000 people per year at
Heathrow Airport and Gatwick and the
extraordinary thing is that Gatwick is
more charter oriented than Heathrow East
was more business oriented we have the
same type of figures in both because it
has become fashion and impermissible for
everybody we have from businessmen to
leisure travelers very often we have
people that feel more comfortable
sitting at a seafood bar when they're
alone than sitting at a table in the
restaurant it's lovely just to be able
to sit somewhere where it's peaceful and
quiet and have a bit of luxury a bit of
lovely food and then be able to go on
with your trip we were not so hungry but
honestly I mean we were attracted to
them
it's just to enjoy a little bit of
luxury before goes to unlock the closet
I think it's absolutely wonderful it
just a very fine experience everything
we serve on a seafood bar is actually
prepared on the seafood vibe prepared
there in front of the customers as per
my orders
obviously the seafood bars don't take
that much space we don't have a kitchen
we don't have stock rooms everything is
contained within the bar which is
usually doesn't take more than 50 to 60
square meters so it's to only buy in the
world that produces his own carry on his
own salmon this is a very very unique
selling point we control and trace our
products is a very egg of the egg if we
may call itself palak Salman which we
produce here it dates back to the end of
the 1880s where it's an e.coli ii of
russia will only consume the back of the
fish this was the most tender part it
was known in Russia has been eek and
very very quickly this became known as
the best box ever the world
most of the caviar we produce is
actually produced by Iranian and Russian
people who's been carrying masses for
over three or four generations within
our farms in France and therefore we
have a consistency quality wise which is
second to none but sums up our company
it's the four phrases which are used in
every store and in every seafood bar
which is basically passion for life of
course we love what we do
obsession was excellence because we want
to have the finest product service in
the markets Gardens of tradition because
without a tradition without the past
they cannot be a future and the
designers of the future which is
basically because we want to create new
lifetime products and all of this sums
up as camera housing Queeny creators of
fine yes probably
you